Adds full viewport image guidance for LCP. (#8489)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/metrics/lcp/index.md

* [Block-level](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Block-level_elements)
  elements containing text nodes or other inline-level text elements children.

> 
> {% Aside 'important' %}
> Starting in Chrome 88, [images that occupy the entire viewport are no longer considered LCP candidates](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/refs/heads/main/docs/speed/metrics_changelog/2020_11_lcp.md).
> {% endAside %}

Reviewer: Chrome 88 was a long time ago. Do we need to be this specific? And should this still be an important aside - which I'd use for a breaking change, like the current wording is, but less so for what is now part of the regular definition.

```suggestion

{% Aside 'important' %}
Images that occupy the entire viewport are not considered LCP candidates.
{% endAside %}
```

Author: Yeah, maybe the specificity is a bit much, but it is a historical artifact. I'm fine with the change, though.
